MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT

This Master Services Agreement ("Agreement") is made effective as of June 1, 2025, between Cascade Retail Group ("Client") and Vertex QA Consulting ("Provider").

1. Services. Provider shall perform quality-engineering and test-automation consulting services described in one or more Statements of Work ("SOWs") executed under this Agreement.

2. Fees and Payment. Client shall pay Provider's fees within thirty (30) days of the invoice date ("Net 30"). Undisputed invoices not paid within this period shall accrue interest at 1.5% per month or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is lower.

3. Term and Termination. This Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues until terminated. Either Party may terminate this Agreement for convenience upon sixty (60) days' prior written notice to the other Party. Either Party may terminate immediately for material breach that remains uncured thirty (30) days after written notice of such breach.

4. Limitation of Liability. Except for breaches of confidentiality or indemnification obligations, neither Party's aggregate liability arising out of this Agreement shall exceed the total fees paid by Client to Provider under the applicable SOW during the twelve (12) months preceding the claim.

5. Indemnification. Provider shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Client from any third-party claims arising from Provider's gross negligence or willful misconduct in performing the Services.

6. Intellectual Property. All work product created by Provider specifically for Client under an SOW shall be a "work made for hire" and shall belong to Client upon full payment. Provider retains ownership of its pre-existing tools, frameworks, and methodologies used to deliver the Services.

7. Confidentiality. Each Party shall protect the other's confidential information using reasonable care and shall not disclose it to third parties except as required to perform under this Agreement or as required by law.

8. Governing Law. This Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.
